So, now that we have our smart contract written, we have tested it,
we have also created our simple front-end page using
index.html and index.js, everything is fantastic.
All is set up. Now, let's go run our back-end and our front-end,
and see what our app looks like.
This is all that we did on version one, course two.
So, I have my terminal window open.
I'm going to have two tabs here,
one for running my front-end and other for running my back-end,
or my front-end, back-end.
This is the folder that I'm in,
my contract where everything exists,
all my migration files and all my contract files,
and also my front-end files are right there.
So, for running the back-end,
I'm going to have to command truffle develop.
That starts my local private Ethereum network on my computer.
Great. So, if you scroll on the top,
you'll see it's running at this code.
Make sure this is the port that your MetaMask is connected to.
If you go to MetaMask, go to private network and put this URL,
and this is how you connect to your private Ethereum network for using MetaMask.
If you also need to import any account,
if you haven't done so already,
you can always pick any of these private keys.
Once you do that, go to MetaMask, import the account.
I know we've already done that quite a bit many times,
and then you want to pick accountable and get imported into your MetaMask.
Okay. So, I'm going to also go compile
the contract again to make sure everything works still fine.
Mask is going to go test to my contract to make sure everything still works fine.
Then, I'm going to go migrate my contract on my local network,
that is running using my reset flag.
Make sure you have a fresh copy.
Great. Now, what this all says,
is that your local Ethereum network is running and your contract is done.
Notary is now existing with an instance of the contract at this specific address.
So, we're all set. Okay. That's the back-end,
everything is nice and set.
Now, let's go to my other terminal window, run up front-end.
This is running by using the command npm run dev.
Now, all these commands are coming from a packaged.json file.
You can always go and look at it.
This is how webpack is already set up.
So, I'm going to run that. Now, this starts
my webpack development server on my front-end at this point.
Great. So, I'm going to copy this,
I'm going to go to my browser.
So, my back-end running at port 9545,
front-end running at port 8080.
Let's go back to our browser and let's go paste as front-end code URL here, and great.
So, this is the front-end what it looks like.
That's my MetaMask.
Make sure your MetaMask is connected and you're connected to your private network,
and you also have these accounts
imported and all that stuff. So, everything is all set up.
I'm connected to my port 9545,
which is my local Ethereum network.
Now, that's what the front-end looks like.
Great. A simple front-end I ever designed.
Of course, we're going to have you design a little bit more features in our project.
Moving on. So, let's go try and run this transaction.
I'm going to say, I'm going give a star,
but let's give it a name, TEST.
Then, I'm going to give it, you can pick any idea. I'm going to give it five.
Okay. So, now we're going to go create star and we have,
I just started with a star and I'm just going to go give it a star name,
give it a star ID, and now let's hit to the transaction submit.
In fact, this error comes up.
I wanted to show you this error,
this is a NaNs error.
It's nice that it came up right now.
So, I'm gonna go to MetaMask and show you how to clear this error.
So, go to your MetaMask,
go to your settings.
It just gives this NaNs error sometimes,
all you have to do is reset your account.
Once you have that, I'm going to go refresh my window again.
Okay. So, everything is all set.
It just gives us NaNs errors,
sometimes MetaMask just gets a little confused.
Okay. So, let's go to a MetaMask right there,
and then I'm going to go hit submit.
Fantastic. So, the transaction has been confirmed.
Again, I wanted to mention, if you ever get a NaNs error just go to
your MetaMask settings and clear the NaNs error, and the error goes away.
So, now we have a star existing with the name TEST,
it has a token ID of five.
Great, fantastic. So, that's what a front-end looks like.
Congratulations. You have a complete app that you've
created here with a very simple front-end, back-end.
We're all communicating nice and good altogether.
So, that's how you create your depths.